= super_serialize plugin

Rails plugin that gives extra power to the ActiveRecord#serialize method.

It creates setters and getters for the fake columns, and cast values to the appropriate class.

Tested using shoulda.

NOTE:
1) There are a lot of similar plugins out there. I wrote my own because it is the only one that supports classes + defaults + tested. Some ideas (like support.rb) were taken from mongomapper.
2) For now the only accepted classes are Boolean, String, Integer, and Float. Why? ...it's what I need...

== Usage

In your model:

  # Given the following model
  # User(id: integer, username: string, serialized_data: text, created_at: datetime)

  super_serialize :male,       Boolean, :default => true
  super_serialize :occupation, String
  super_serialize :age,        Integer
  super_serialize :weight,     Float

  # Gives you setters and getters to do the following
  user = User.new(:username => 'ary', :male => true, :age => '25')
  user.occupation = 'professional fútbol player'
  user.username == 'ary' # => true

  # Integer
  user.age = 'ary' # => 0
  user.age = 10.8  # => 10
  user.age = nil   # => nil

  # Float
  user.weight = 135       # => 135.0
  user.weight = '61.2 kg' # => 61.2
  user.weight = nil       # => nil

  # String
  user.occupation = true # => 'true'
  user.occupation = 10.2 # => '10.2'
  user.occupation = nil  # => nil

  # Boolean
  user.male = 'true' # => true
  user.male = 't'    # => true
  user.male = 1      # => true
  # Also gives you a #{name}? method
  user.male? # => true


== Dependencies

None.

== Install

  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/arydjmal/super_serialize.git



Copyright (c) 2010 Ary Djmal, released under the MIT license
